tech news comes in a wide variety of
colors and flavors today it's white and
strawberry i like strawberry but i never
order it more of a chocolaty nutty guy
oh
chromebooks aren't real laptops you say
they can't even run steam games you
persist is anyone even saying that
second one well they definitely might
not be in the future as steem might be
coming to chromebook you see android
police's david ruddick interviewed
director of product management for
chrome os canlu at ces last week who
implied that google was working directly
with valve to release a version of steam
for chrome os now this probably wouldn't
be that big of a stretch to implement
since there's already a steam client for
linux which chrome os is based on of
course chromebooks would not be to put
it kindly the most powerful of gaming
laptops but they could probably run the
thousands of indie low spec games
available on steam steam on chrome os
hasn't been confirmed so i wouldn't get
your usb sticks and a knot just yet i
thought you could say stiff
and no it probably can't run crysis so
don't even ask
smart glasses have been struggling to
will themselves into existence since
google glass launched back in 2014 with
companies like north picking up the
torch but a startup called mojo may have
just leapfrogged the whole concept with
the mojo lens an augmented reality
contact lens the company used micro leds
which you know i love which we saw at
ces particularly me to create an
incredibly dense micro display powered
by a single core arm based processor a
tiny solid-state battery and an image
processor of course you need all those
all embedded inside a contact lens f a
few journalists were actually able to
try it out and apparently
it works wow one demo involves
firefighters being able to see each
other through walls
okay
which is crazy because usually you can't
even see in a burning building when
there's no walls because it's smoky i
know what that's like
while the mojo lens is only really able
to display single lines of monochromatic
light it could do more to bring ar into
the mainstream than bulky weird looking
glasses right but isn't showing off new
tech while looking like an utterly
hopeless dork kind of half the fun yeah
i'm gonna wear these contact lenses with
my google glass oh no don't do it it's
too powerful and microsoft has already
pledged to become carbon neutral but now
they're up in the ante the company says
they're not even gonna have a shadow
just kidding they set a goal to be
carbon negative by 2030 including all
carbon emitted by the company and its
supply chain since its founding in 1975.
what
so that means redmond will aim to remove
all the carbon from the atmosphere that
the company has ever produced so first
off good for you microsoft james likes
this an admirable goal second though how
the f another f how the heck are you
gonna do that well the company is
looking at projects like seeding new
forests and putting carbon back into the
ground sucking it out of the atmosphere
with large fans way bigger than me
and i'm a big microsoft fan
i'm on fire today
and preventing new emissions by
capturing carbon before it escapes
they've also started a 1 billion fund
for developing carbon reduction and
removal technology and i'm assuming that
time machine research has to be in there
somewhere
we have to go back
what about all the carbon that i produce
by using microsoft stuff are they not
accounting for that
i'm the consumer i bought it
you vote with your money people now it's
time for the quick bits brought to you
by vincero watches vincero takes quality
seriously god do they ever they spend
five times more on materials in
manufacturing than other
direct-to-consumer watch brands with
surgical grade stainless steel scratch
resistant sapphire coated mineral
crystal glass and five atmosphere water
resistance you'll get a watch with
quality you can feel at a fair price
ventura has over 20 000 five-star
reviews a 30-day return policy and you
can get 15 off your entire order plus
free shipping if you use the offer code
tech linked at our link below so click
the link below and use optical tech link
and check them out and have a risk that
looks like mine baby
quick we got bits coming in
microsoft has finally launched xbox
console streaming on android phones it's
just a preview program right now but if
you join the xbox insider program have a
phone with android 6.0 or higher and a
bluetooth xbox controller you can try it
out yes you i don't know how this is
going to help microsoft go carbon
negative but okay do your part this week
saw a bunch of game delay announcements
including do maternal the resident evil
3 remake square enix's avengers game and
the iron man vr game and even the ultra
hype cyberpunk 2077.
but if you think these delays help
developers avoid crunch jason schreier
is here to tell you that they don't in
fact they make it worse so maybe
reconsider that tweet of you telling
your favorite dev to hurry up and
release their game on the contrary play
through your ridiculous steam back
catalog while you wait i don't really
get what i just said but all right if
you see what looks like a spacex launch
going horribly wrong this saturday don't
worry it's all part of the plan like
elon's spin is boundless the company is
testing its emergency launch abort
sequence for its crew dragon module
which will hopefully carry real crew
members who don't explode later this
year stadia will be bundled with
broadband service from uk internet
service provider bt with customers
receiving a stadia controller chromecast
ultra and three months of stadia pro i
don't think this is much of a bonus for
bt customers as is a bonus for google
who will hopefully be getting some more
players on stadia
there's no one on there remember when we
were hyped for that it was exciting a
couple more years and medical startup
nanox has introduced the ark a
futuristic looking boat that will fit
every man woman child and animal on it
oh wait hold on a second no it's
something else
a futuristic-looking x-ray scanner a
fraction of the size of existing devices
it might also be more affordable as the
company is considering charging
subscription fees for ai powered anal
analysis analysis you know
big brain stuff and maintenance rather
than a single hefty price tag we might
not have the tricorder just yet but man
this thing is a decent constellation ah
i'm a shameful shameful nerd which is
why there's no more tech news left for
me to give which would you want it
anyway yes you would come back on monday
i'll be refreshed so o'reilly
ltgstore.com
why not